and our locanda you like panda we like
panda panda panda anaconda you like
panda we like end up and of you do do do
do two pandas pandas are cool go to
Panama school learned and Athene panda
themes pandas pandas are cool go Japan
to school learn panda beans handle
things pandas are like panda you like
panda we like panda panda panda panda
you are kunda we reckon up and um to
give 222222 pandas you can have them you
can love them cuz the pandas casa pandas
pandas you can hug them you can have
them cuz they're pandas coaster pandas
pandas are like pandas you like and
draws we like pandas pandas pandas are
like Pandora's you like pandas we like
kyndra's panda
doop doop doop doop doop doop doop doop
andas paliku that's it ah so cool that
there's a restaurant named after them go
pandas pandas pennisi coo mrs.
restaurant named after them kill pandas
pandas are like condos you like pandas
me like pandas pandas pandas are like
pandas you like Penn Josh we like pandas
pandas pandas love and boo they will
know you unless you move like a stick
bamboo and of love bamboo never let eat
you unless you're a cracker ship got
bamboo panda a panda you like panda we
want panda panda panda a panda you like
Angela
you